README.md, before:

<h1>
    <div align="center">Greetings! 👋 Welcome to MataGrub! 🌌</div>
</h1>

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/585950c0-041e-49fd-8fc9-9b2236a94f87.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@585950c0-041e-49fd-8fc9-9b2236a94f87)

- 🌱 Currently expanding my knowledge in Python and Data Structures
- 🏋 Check out my projects at **https://itsmarcotime.github.io/mataGrubPortfolioJS/**
- 🤔 I'm definitely a curious mind. Always wondering what the next big thing is.
- 💚 I love to build things people enjoy. Especially video games!
- 💬 Ask me about anything! I am happy to help to the best of my ability!
- 📫 How to reach me: **mmata3309@gmail.com**
- 🥇 Life goal: **Evolve into an all knowing shu'ulathoi.**
- 🥊 Fun fact: **I love to box!**

![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=itsmarcotime&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,py,apollo,bash,bootstrap,docker,express,firebase,flask,git,github,gitlab,jest,jquery,linkedin,discord,mongodb,mysql,nodejs,powershell,raspberrypi,react,stackoverflow,vscode)](https://skillicons.dev)

Commit message:

made updates to the cover

README.md, after:

![MataGrubProfileCover1 0](https://github.com/itsmarcotime/mataGrubPortfolio2.0/assets/101440634/e53a0ffa-5b6a-4b5a-b4e8-306996983f45)

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/585950c0-041e-49fd-8fc9-9b2236a94f87.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@585950c0-041e-49fd-8fc9-9b2236a94f87)

- 🌱 Currently learning Python and testing the waters with Machine Learning.
- 👾 Welcome to MataGrub, my portfolio **https://itsmarcotime.github.io/mataGrubPortfolio2.0/**
- 💚 I love to build things people enjoy. Especially video games!
- 💬 Ask me about anything! I am happy to help to the best of my ability!
- 📫 How to reach me: **mmata3309@gmail.com**
- 🥇 Software Developer & Full Stack Enthusiast.

![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-eight-theta.vercel.app/api?username=itsmarcotime&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,py,apollo,bash,bootstrap,docker,express,firebase,flask,git,github,gitlab,jest,jquery,linkedin,discord,mongodb,mysql,nodejs,powershell,raspberrypi,react,stackoverflow,vscode)](https://skillicons.dev)
